Add SessionCsrfProtectionMiddleware documentation (#6724)
cakephp/docs: en/controllers/middleware.rst

.. note::

>     You should apply the CSRF protection middleware only for URLs which handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should apply the CSRF protection middleware only for routes which handle
```

>     stateful requests using cookies/sessions. Stateless requests, for e.g. when
>     developing an API, are not affected by CSRF so the middleware does not need
>     to be applied for those URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    stateful requests using cookies/sessions. For example, when developing an API, stateless requests are not 
    affected by CSRF so the middleware does not need to be applied for those routes.
```
